hey guys ah flea may we are at the LCS I
am here with TSM Han sir you had great
games against fly quest could you tell
me how those games went for you
yeah the both games are pretty easy for
us they never really made that many
product plays and we're able to set up
what we want to do the games are kind of
hectic because games of cyclists always
like that they like to establish a lot
there's a lot of gangster on mid lane
and especially in the game like moon
level to ganks bearson in both games and
just like damn this guy's trying to
cheat super hard but you know we didn't
fall for that and it kind of put them
really far behind so the help just get a
lead and we doubled it well I want to
ask you a PS M is kind of backup on the
uprise what do you think about TSM
situation right like what kind of
situation
not exactly situation but maybe your
guys's position in the sand all yeah I
mean we're not first place right now but
that doesn't really matter it's a
beginning of the split and we have a lot
of time left to improve being first
place early on the split really doesn't
mean anything
it just means that sure you adapted to
the meta well this part but when it
comes down to playoffs that's when it
really matters as long as we make
playoffs and make finals we're going to
be we're fine with losing games as long
as you learn and our goal this split is
not to win every game it's to learn as
much as possible and try to like build
good habits for worlds so how do you
track your success for that do you have
certain milestones that you guys are
trying to achieve the main way we track
success is probably just based on our
play like in scrims review everything we
do we go over a lot of the good habits
and bad habits so we should have like in
terms of communication
what kind of sub so we should have how
to draft stuff like that and yeah we
just play it by ear pretty much and see
if it's if what we're doing is good and
if it's not good what we can do to
improve on it how about for you
personally personally I've had a really
bad start of the split especially in LCS
I've been
a lot like the first week I had the most
deaths of any top laner and my kDa right
now I was like pretty but you know
I'm not too down about it because I know
I can improve and by the end split I'll
be the best top in it
wonderful well I believe on the east
force you guys have had a couple new
subs implemented on your team what do
you think about this we'll all the subs
being added on right now um yeah those
subs are basically because we have to
have them there so we don't really plan
on using them you know right forces us
to have subs just in case and you know
there just in case we're not going to be
planning I'm like actually something out
of the players yet
so Reggie isn't going to take over for
bjergsen only in the most dire
situations maybe if your sin is like
becomes crippled looses his arm I don't
know because even at worlds last year he
couldn't speak at all
because he had a really bad cold
garrison so we just played with it not
speaking it we did not sell rigid
because if we start Reggie it's like a
it's a loss
how did communication wait playing with
Reggie's an instant loss pretty much I
mean this guy only plays like Quinn
pantheon dead in soloqueue and he's
obviously not as good as he was back in
season 3 but he's better than most
options for sure this is probably going
to be the last interview that I get to
do with TSM now because this is enough
no disrespect I mean he has a lot of
game knowledge but he can he can teach
us really well but I mean he'll vouch
for himself that his play right now is
just not up to par yeah well I have to
ask you what do you think about
immortals right now I mean they kind of
popped up not not exactly out of nowhere
but I don't think anyone really expected
them to be number one right now yeah
based off of last split playing with Doc
they didn't seem like the best team and
come in with 50 I think he really
changed the playstyle for the better
there are a lot stronger than other
teams I know and I think they just have
to look at basics like their dual Lane
improved a lot in the beginning of last
split they were probably the worst
bombing but now they're one of the best
football tears always solid extremity
salt and flame is also really good so
yeah I mean they're doing better than
the other teams like c9 and us we've
been like slumping a little bit so I
think by the end of the split they'll
still be in the middle of attacks but
not like a top view team well my final
question for you
scrolling through Twitter the other day
and I saw that you watch terrace house
can you tell me about that please
because I'm like three or four episodes
well I mean it's like a Japanese reality
TV show I guess that people come in and
basically just live together and the
show is about watching them how they
interact like what relationships form
like what type of drama pops up it's not
the most exciting but I find it like
pretty interesting and the seasons too
long too so it's something like you can
get the top shooting and get attached to
the characters and I enjoy it on my time
off I think there are some like actually
diehard terrace house fans in I know
it's crazy in the eSports community do
you have like a favorite pair that you
want to ship I mean I've only watched
one season and I actually don't remember
the characters names I don't either but
I remember baseball there's a hair
stylist guy wait I don't want to spoil
it for you cuz you're fine already okay
so the hair stylist guy and that one
model girl I guess they're a good couple
I'll chip them but they're way they're
already shipped sorry for spoilers but
yeah I guess them I don't I don't know I
mean I don't care I just watch it for
like the drama and stuff okay so no
league drama just Japanese TV dramas
avenues drama that's nice good
perfect well do you have anything that
you'd like to say to your TSM fans or
Tara's house fans out there um
Tara Stiles fans I mean
that one but for other toothsome fans
thank you for supporting us and we're
going to win summer sleep for sure
there's no doubt about that well thank
you so much for this interview hon sir
and sorry that was my cut out I forgot I
can't say watch more at Yahoo eSports
and you could check out more at state of
the league at Travis's YouTube channel
that's where we're going to be at hey
guys thanks for watching this interview
if you would like to support me and help
me avoid eating instant ramen for the
rest of my life you can check out my
support page oddly calm slash support